Starting point for sphinx-based user documentation (#74)
rauc/rauc-hawkbit-updater: docs/contributing.rst

Contributing
============

Thank you for thinking about contributing to RAUC hawkBit Updater!

> Some different backgrounds and use-cases are essential for making RAUC hawkBit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Various backgrounds and use-cases are essential for making RAUC hawkBit
```

Updater work well for all users.

The following should help you with submitting your changes, but don't let these
guidelines keep you from opening a pull request.
If in doubt, we'd prefer to see the code earlier as a work-in-progress PR and
help you with the submission process.

Workflow
--------

- Changes should be submitted via a `GitHub pull request
  <https://github.com/rauc/rauc-hawkbit-updater/pulls>`_.
- Try to limit each commit to a single conceptual change.
- Add a signed-of-by line to your commits according to the `Developer's
  Certificate of Origin` (see below).
- Check that the tests still work before submitting the pull request. Also
  check the CI's feedback on the pull request after submission.
- When adding new features, please also add the corresponding
  documentation and test code.
- If your change affects backward compatibility, describe the necessary changes
  in the commit message and update the examples where needed.

Code
----

- Basically follow the Linux kernel coding style

Documentation

> -------------
> - Use `semantic linefeeds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-------------

- Use `semantic linefeeds
```
